---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keyfactor_certificate Data Source - terraform-provider-keyfactor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# keyfactor_certificate (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "keyfactor" {
  username = "COMMAND\\your_username"
  password = "your_api_password"
  hostname = "mykfinstance.kfdelivery.com"
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_w_pass_and_pkey_cn" {
  identifier   = "k8s-ingress"                              # Using certificate common name (CN)
  key_password = "this is required to return a private key" # This is bad practice. Use TF_VAR_<variable_name> instead.
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_w_pass_and_pkey_tp" {
  identifier   = "FF41F242C323712E8C17DECF4E6AEBFB3646F966" # Using certificate thumbprint
  key_password = "this is required to return a private key" # This is bad practice. Use TF_VAR_<variable_name> instead.
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_w_pass_and_pkey_id" {
  identifier   = "1"                                        # Using Keyfactor Command certificate ID
  key_password = "this is required to return a private key" # This is bad practice. Use TF_VAR_<variable_name> instead.
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_wo_pkey_cn" {
  # This will returns a certificate without a private key
  identifier = "my-ca-cert" # Using certificate common name (CN)
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_wo_pkey_tp" {
  # This will returns a certificate without a private key
  identifier = "FF41F242C323712E8C17DECF4E6AEBFB3646F966" # Using certificate thumbprint
}

data "keyfactor_certificate" "cert_wo_pkey_id" {
  # This will returns a certificate without a private key
  identifier = "1" # Using Keyfactor Command certificate ID
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `identifier` (String) Keyfactor certificate identifier. This can be any of the following values: thumbprint, CN, or Keyfactor Command Certificate ID. If using CN to lookup the last issued certificate, the CN must be an exact match and if multiple certificates are returned the certificate that was most recently issued will be returned.

### Optional

- `collection_id` (Number) Optional certificate collection identifier used to ensure user access to the certificate.
- `key_password` (String, Sensitive) Password used to recover the private key from Keyfactor Command. NOTE: If no value is provided a random password will be generated for key recovery. This value is not stored and does not encrypt the private key in Terraform state.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Metadata key-value pairs to be attached to certificate

### Read-Only

- `ca_certificate` (String) PEM formatted CA certificate
- `certificate_authority` (String) Name of certificate authority (CA) to deploy certificate with Ex: Example Company CA 1
- `certificate_chain` (String) PEM formatted full certificate chain
- `certificate_id` (Number) Keyfactor Command certificate ID.
- `certificate_pem` (String) PEM formatted certificate
- `certificate_template` (String) Short name of certificate template to be used. Ex: Server Authentication
- `command_request_id` (Number) Keyfactor Command request ID.
- `common_name` (String) Subject common name (CN) of the certificate.
- `country` (String) Subject country of the certificate
- `csr` (String) Base-64 encoded certificate signing request (CSR)
- `dns_sans` (List of String) List of DNS subject alternative names (DNS SANs) of the certificate. Ex: www.example.com
- `ip_sans` (List of String) List of IP subject alternative names (IP SANs) of the certificate. Ex: 192.168.0.200
- `issuer_dn` (String) Issuer distinguished name that signed the certificate
- `locality` (String) Subject locality (L) of the certificate
- `organization` (String) Subject organization (O) of the certificate
- `organizational_unit` (String) Subject organizational unit (OU) of the certificate
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) PEM formatted PKCS#1 private key imported if cert_template has KeyRetention set to a value other than None, and the certificate was not enrolled using a CSR.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of newly enrolled certificate
- `state` (String) Subject state (ST) of the certificate
- `thumbprint` (String) Thumbprint of newly enrolled certificate
- `uri_sans` (List of String) List of URI subject alternative names (URI SANs) of the certificate. Ex: https://www.example.com


