---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keyfactor_deploy_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-keyfactor"
subcategory: "Security & Authentication"
description: |-
  Resource used for deploying/removing certificates into certificate stores regisered in Keyfactor.
---

# keyfactor_deploy_certificate (Resource)

The `keyfactor_deploy_certificate` resource is used to deploy certificates into certificate stores registered
in a Keyfactor Command instance. Each resource represents a single certificate, which can be deployed into
zero or more certificate stores. Certificates are stored according to an alias, which must be configured for
certificate that is being deployed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "keyfactor_deploy_certificate" "deployment1" {
    certificate_id = 204
    password       = "C0oLP@ssw0rd1!"
    store {
        certificate_store_id = "e5d43b4a-4baa-3b27-bfba-7bb38f245717"
        alias                = "terraform1"
    }
    store {
        certificate_store_id = "ac4098ea-ac53-45ad-bbdb-f3cfcd7fd9dd"
        alias                = "terraform1"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **certificate_id** (Number) Keyfactor certificate ID

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **password** (String) Password that protects PFX certificate, if the certificate was enrolled using PFX enrollment, or is password protected in general. This value cannot change, and Terraform will throw an error if a change is attempted.
- **store** (Block Set) List of certificates stores that the certificate should be deployed into. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--store))

<a id="nestedblock--store"></a>
### Nested Schema for `store`

Required:

- **alias** (String) A string providing an alias to be used for the certificate upon entry into the certificate store. The function of the alias varies depending on the certificate store type. Please ensure that the alias is lowercase, or problems can arise in Terraform Plan.
- **certificate_store_id** (String) A string containing the GUID for the certificate store to which the certificate should be added.


