---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keyfactor_security_identity Resource - terraform-provider-keyfactor"
subcategory: "Security & Authentication"
description: |-
  
---

# keyfactor_security_identity (Resource)
The ```keyfactor_security_identity``` resource is used to create and maintain Keyfactor security identities in Keyfactor.
Identities can represent users or groups, and represent means of providing access control to Keyfactor features. It's
important to note that before using the ```keyfactor_security_identity``` resource, a user or group _must_ already exist
in Active Directory. If this is not the case, Terraform will throw an error. Additionally, to account for the common
configuration scenario used by most Keyfactor instances, this resource supports the ability to attach pre-created Keyfactor
security _roles_ to an identity represented by an instance of this resource. Said differently, _only_ use the ```roles``` schema
supported by this resource if there is no plan to use Terraform to create roles in Keyfactor. If you wish to use Terraform
to create and matintain security roles associated with identities please use the ```keyfactor_security_role``` resource.

##Example Usage
The below configuration is used to create a new security identity based on a user or group called ```COOLDOMAIN\\TestUser1```
Note that the below configuration configures no roles for the identity to be attached to. If desired, roles can be attached
at a later date by adding a ```roles``` block, and configuring role IDs.
```terraform
// Create a new identity in Keyfactor
resource "keyfactor_security_identity" "identity1" {
    provider     = keyfactor.command
    account_name = "COOLDOMAIN\\TestUser1"
}
```
The following configuration is used to create a new security identity called ```COOLDOMAIN\\TestUser2```, and tells
Keyfactor to attach this identity to two Keyfactor security roles with IDs ```34``` and ```17```. As discussed, it is assumed
in this example that security roles with ID ```34``` and ```17``` were NOT created by a Terraform resource. If this were
the case, behavior of the Terraform provider is not guaranteed.
```terraform
// Create a new identity in Keyfactor
resource "keyfactor_security_identity" "identity2" {
    provider     = keyfactor.command
    account_name = "COOLDOMAIN\\TestUser2"
    roles        = [34, 17]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **account_name** (String) A string containing the account name for the security identity. For Active Directory user and groups, this will be in the form DOMAIN\\user or group name

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **roles** (Set of Number) An array containing the role IDs that the identity is attached to.

### Read-Only

- **identity_id** (Number) An integer containing the Keyfactor Command identifier for the security identity.
- **identity_type** (String) A string indicating the type of identity—User or Group.
- **valid** (Boolean) A Boolean that indicates whether the security identity's audit XML is valid (true) or not (false). A security identity may become invalid if Keyfactor Command determines that it appears to have been tampered with.


