---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "keyfactor_security_role Resource - terraform-provider-keyfactor"
subcategory: "Security & Authentication"
description: |-
  
---

# keyfactor_security_role (Resource)

The ```keyfactor_security_role``` resource is used to create and configure Keyfactor security roles. Security roles are
used to manage privileged access in Keyfactor, and operate in conjunction to Keyfactor security identites. Roles are
the actual medium that hold specific permissions that a user or group should have access to. A detailed list of the available
permissions supported by Keyfactor roles can be found in the Keyfactor Command documentation.

## Example Usage
The following configuration of a ```keyfactor_security_role``` resource creates a new security role in Keyfactor called
```Terraform1``` and attaches a security identity with an account name configured by another resource.
```terraform
// Create a new security role in Keyfactor and attach the identity represented by the resource identity1
resource "keyfactor_security_role" "kf_terraform_role1" {
    role_name = "Terraform1"
    description = "Role used to demonstrate Keyfactor's ability to integrate with Terraform."
    identities {
        account_name = keyfactor_security_identity.identity1.account_name
    }
    permissions = ["Monitoring:Read", "SecuritySettings:Modify"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **description** (String) A string containing the description of the role in Keyfactor
- **role_name** (String) An string associated with a Keyfactor security role.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **identities** (Block Set) A string containing the description of the role in Keyfactor (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--identities))
- **permissions** (Set of String) An array containing the permissions assigned to the role in a list of Name:Value pairs

<a id="nestedblock--identities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identities`

Required:

- **account_name** (String) A string containing the account name for the security identity. For Active Directory user and groups, this will be in the form DOMAIN\\user or group name.

Read-Only:

- **id** (Number) A string containing the account name for the security identity. For Active Directory user and groups, this will be in the form DOMAIN\\user or group name.
- **identity_type** (String) A string indicating the type of identity—User or Group.
- **sid** (String) A string containing the security identifier from the source identity store (e.g. Active Directory) for the security identity.


